# verbose-waffle
[[[ DESCRIPTION ]]]   INCLUDE PHYTOSANITARY HEALTH CERTIFICATE FOR EVERY PURCHASE  Delivery : PROMO FOR EVERY $500 TOTAL PURCHASE, FREE PHYTOSANITARY + FILLER We use DHL Express. This is the fastest delivery we can afford. Usually to USA takes 5 - 7 days &amp; Shipping outside US 5-10 days.  Packaging Media: Spaghnum moss Returned: We provide free plants up to 70% maximum or resend Secure payment : Your payment information is processed securely  There are several steps to preparing for delivery:  Stage 1 Submit an export permit as a condition for making a phytosanitary certificate  Stage 2 Laboratory tests to check which plants sent are really healthy  Stage 3 Preparation of phytosanitary certificates and re-checking by the Plant Quarantine Agency of the Ministry of Agriculture  Stage 4 Shipping to DHL Express  TERMS AND CONDITIONS :  1. By purchasing plants overseas, customers should be aware that the plants may not be in their best condition when they arrive due to the long transportation process and the state of the plant (with or without root). It may take some time (c. 14 days) to recover. 2. With the best assumption that the customer has the knowledge and experience to care for the plants. 3. It is the customer's responsibility to understand whether the plant is prohibited or not in their country and understand the import requirements in their country as well. 4. Customer must tell us the phone number and email address for DHL/any shipping provider information. Many delivery failures are caused by Uncontactable Customers. DHL Express requires an acceptance signature upon delivery. 5 The customer must send us an import permit as an attachment when applying for a phytosanitary certificate (if required by the destination country). 5. We do not accept order cancellations after 2 days of receipt of orders. 6. We do not accept factory returns or exchanges after shipment.  EXPORT PROCESS 1. Customers are required to ensure the delivery address a maximum of 2 days after the factory order. This address will be the reference for all Export Documents. 2. We do not accept any request which is declared as Non Plant delivery or any other illegal act. 3. Please note that some countries require an Import Permit or other documents. The customer is obliged to provide the necessary Import Permit based on the country of destination. For example (please check the updated regulations before buying especially during the pandemic a. Customers from Canada are required to provide an Import Permit. B. Customers from the UK must provide a PEACH (Procedure for Electronic Application for Certificate) from the UK Government Horticultural Marketing Inspectorate. C. Customers from the US must provide an import permit if requested by the US Department of Agriculture (USDA). 4. We must process the Export permit application from the Government of Indonesia prior to shipment. It usually takes 5 - 7 working days. 5. After the export permit is issued, we must apply the phytosanitary certificate as a mandatory document before international plant shipments.   Custom Process &amp; Shipping  1. Plants are carefully sanitized then covered with plastic with sterilized damp moss. Plants are rolled up in paper to provide protection for the leaves. We use styrofoam box or carton box as secondary packaging (For winter, we also use bubble aluminum foil as thermal insulation to maintain temperature during shipping). 2. We ship plants with Phytosanitary Certificate in every shipment, which shows that the plants have passed quarantine inspection and meet customer country requirements. 3. We will provide the shipping tracking number in DHL System 4. Customer should understand, delivery duration depends on Custom Clearance process (including inspection and quarantine if requested by your country authority). In case of delay, Customer should contact DHL/shipping provider contact center/local call center. 5. We are not responsible for any loss, damage, death, or injury arising directly or indirectly from any process caused by customs or shipping processes (handling, maintenance, and length of time for release). We are not responsible for any delays in delivery due to customs processing (held by customs for further inspection if required). 6. Custom clearance, import duties &amp; taxes (if required) are the responsibility of the customer. 7. We do not accept return packages for any reason. The factory will be destroyed by Customs upon returning to Indonesia 8. I AM A SELLER FROM UK THAT RESIDENT IN INDONESIA.   THANK YOU
